on 27th September 2014 India's Prime
Minister Narendra Modi proposed an
international day of yoga at the United
Nations General Assembly
naj it are we today I would like to draw
your attention to another subject when
we talk about climate change when we
talk about holistic health care when we
talk about unity with nature when we
talk about getting back to basics I
would like to say something special
about this subject Yoga is our ancient
traditional and invaluable gift Yoga
symbolizes the balance of body and mind
thought and action achievement and
self-control
and for coming together of human beings
and nature Yoga aims a transformation of
our lifestyle and it's awareness can
help us in our struggle against climate
change
Yoga means to us a unity and love start
practice yoga and I feel your life
become more colorful and meaningful
you
in India I started to have a glimpse of
the real yoke that union of ourselves to
the dye the practice of yoga brings
about balance well-being happiness and
the freedom to live life fully as more
and more people take up yoga around the
world today we may actually see the
beginning of a global shift in
consciousness leading to a more balanced
and harmonious planet yoga practitioners
become more conscious consumers better
human beings more environmentally
conscious and good leaders this is the
power of yoga and it can only be good
for the world ie I'm here under Ostia it
has worked towards making a beginning in
this direction with an international day
of yoga on 11th December 2014 the United
Nations passed a resolution making 21st
June the International Day of yoga 177
Nations co-sponsored the resolution a
record in un history
Oh
you